what is there welcome to a
new video
and that is about a whole day
important topic namely the stress
cognition all we are the whole day
To have a lot to do on the stress side
go out of the sport in the summer and
then someone will let us not
hang on your cell phone or what do I know
yes and today I'll show you a tip
or a trick like you sometimes
want to learn
with which you can handle this stress
you did not have to fall easier
So too candy access to
for example if you have little time
just say yes I have to go fast now
is not it something like that now?
yes, and I want a little one
history and that I work as
sideline as a part time job so in
an american diner and i said i
there are really really cool things
to eat yes I wear all the time
Gratin burger and fries with cheese
and so louder yes and there is
really really tasty things and then
then i forgot my sheikh and
I've been there for a long time and me
had really really hungry and there
There was a burger in the
was done wrong or wrong
was produced and was allowed to quasi
eat yes and then I have considered
yes I'm hungry
and i want the burger is actually
absolutely eat and I have your people for
the stress and I'm a bit
bad mood and so but then thought
I I do not nee I do now
because later again and then what
I did that at the moment
I have this stress for her as
person so presented as an opponent like that
to say I am the stress it
here under stress for me always so
get down and on
make it small until I finally get this
shit baulk I grab such a
attitude so come on no one is
never have to succeed and I am a lot
stronger than my stress is me
'm so so this is so that this
trick behind it
if you just project me this is
I'm just a stress- angry person
wants to see below that you want it
go down is that you give us up
then you get this
settings i do not give up and
i can beat the stress yes and
This stress can me and water
is safe and I have his
mental fit did not manage this citizen
to eat and I then I can wait
until I was at home and has me
then the delicious bought that healthy
and I just have a little bit more
Water drunk for my hunger
breast-feed
and yes that's just a whole lot smaller
short tips how to do it
Also without stress your diet
go through and hold out and me
hope it helped her have
then subscribe to everyone
fall the canal
look at the other videos and
See you next time heroes